Hello. How have you been?
Excuse me. How much is this?
I’m sorry. It was a typo.
Please come in. Nice to meet you.
It’s been a long time. How are you?
Yes, this one please.
No, I haven’t eaten yet.
Thank you very much for the invitation.
Goodbye. See you again!
Be careful of bad people.
My teacher is a good person.
I have a pretty girlfriend.
I live near the university.
The station is far from here.
I’m busy this week.
There are 60 seconds in a minute.
I sleep for 8 hours every day.
Let’s meet at the station at 9 o’clock.
I marked our anniversary on the calendar.
I go to work on Monday.
Are you free this Friday?
go to the park
The couple is laughing at a joke.
Chinese food is delicious!
Can I have some water, please?
Would you like a cup of tea?
Chicken can be fried, baked, or roasted.
Pork is the meat from a pig.
Lamb is extremely delicious.
If you get sick go to the doctor.
I’ll ask a police officer for help.
The girl came towards the video camera.
The tourists saw the sunset.
The chef makes orange juice.
The programmer used the computer.
The number two is my favorite number.
The starfish has five legs.
We have a six-day vacation next month.
There are seven days in every week.
Eight is a lucky number.
The cook fried an egg.
I am an engineer.
I am a computer programmer.
The woman is a nurse.
Food is fuel for the body.
Head injuries are very dangerous.
I have chest pains.
It’s very cold here in January.
February is the shortest month with 28 days.
It is now April, so last month was March.
April showers bring May flowers.
May 31st is World No Smoking Day.
July is one of 7 months with 31 days.
The school is closed in August.
Today is Saturday, September 10th.
Halloween falls on October 31st.
November is one of four months with thirty days.
December 31st is New Year’s Eve.
Do you have a watch?
I don’t wear glasses.
That jacket looks nice on you.
to receive a confession of love
It will show up if you search on the Internet.
Please take me home.
Be strong and don’t give up!
The North Pole is cold even in summer.
The tea is still hot.
Funny sitcoms make me happy.
I am allergic to peaches.
I drink orange juice in the morning.
Fried potato is not good for your health.
Soybeans grow inside the pods.
I ate fried vegetables.
The cows are grazing in the field.
Pigs are intelligent animals.
Have you ever ridden a horse before?
There is a lot of snow on the mountain.
There are ten shirts in the closet.
Your pants are bigger than mine.
I regret not buying that dress.
I was just going to say that.
Please give me a call tomorrow morning.
How did you find the cellphone?
We aim for a clean environment.
The fork is on the dirty plate.
Kids do not like carrots.
I don’t cry when I cut onions.
My salad only has lettuce and tomato.
The sheep is eating the green grass.
Your rabbit is very cute.
Seals live in the coldest areas.
I can’t see any clouds today.
I often go on a picnic on a sunny day.
It will be rainy this Saturday.
The baby sleeps on the blanket.
The girl washes her face.
The boy fell down from the tree.
I am a happy person.
The sad teenager is sitting alone.
There was something that made me angry this morning.
I worked at a clothing store.
I need new shoes.
Are you wearing socks?
My socks and underwear are in the top drawer of my dresser.
Let’s talk about it!
Can I give you an useful tip?
This table is too low for me.
The waves are high today!
Please put the fruits on the plate.
The octopus is swimming in the ocean.
The surfer was bitten by a shark.
I don’t like cloudy days.
The weather is cool.
These cucumbers are fresh.
The most common bell peppers are green, red, or yellow.
Order the broccoli soup.
This banana is really sweet.
I’m peeling an apple.
That grape looks pretty old.
She bought a huge watermelon.
We listened to the birds.
The mouse is eating grass.
Today the sun is shining!
This weather is awful.
It is one degree outside.
The woman is wearing a black sweater.
The director is a very serious man.
Your girlfriend is one year older than you, right?
She’ll go to the Prince Islands with her boyfriend.
What time is the last train?
The passengers flew on the airplane.
He rides the bus.
Give me a call after you get in the taxi.
Spinach is a rich source of iron and calcium.
The dolphin jumps out of the water.
I can’t eat squid.
Is that your dog?
My cat likes to take a nap in the afternoon.
Hamsters like to sleep during the day.
The soup must be warm.
The rain is falling on the street.
My grandfather grows tomatoes in his garden.
I like strawberry; not apple.
I want to eat cherries.
When I was a child, I used to ride my bike to school every day.
I met a friend at the park.
Sometimes, being an adult just isn’t very fun.
The bicycle is in the garage.
What kind of car is it?
He has two cars and a motorcycle.
Scooters are convenient in the city.
The boat floats on the water.
The jellyfish are bobbing in the water.
Lobsters are very expensive.
Crabs usually walk side-ways.
The sea turtle is swimming in the sea.
The CEO travels to work by helicopter.
I have a black cat.
My uncle has a new pair of brown shoes.
Gray is not a very flashy color.
I can barely hear you.
I want to eat cherries.
This department store has eleven floors.
She is thirteen years old.
What’s your e-mail address?
With a cellular phone, you can make calls from almost anywhere.
She contacted me via text message.
Her cheeks are very red.
My nose is stuffy.
I have a separate notebook for each class.
The pencil broke in half.
Can I use your eraser?
It is difficult to keep white furniture clean.
A glass of red wine, please.
He painted the wall green.
Did you finish your homework?
My new job starts tomorrow.
Red mixed with yellow becomes orange.
I have fourteen students.
I will be in Thailand for fifteen days.
We have sixteen minutes.
The telephone is ringing.
My eyes are dry.
Did you brush your teeth?
You have something on your lip.
Can I use the copy machine?
The books are under the desk.
There are some old books on the table.
The post office is open until 5PM.
The library is over there.
This supermarket is very cheap.
Thank you for your help!
The alligators are slowly moving through the water.
His daughter is seventeen years old.
He’s eighteen years old.
There are nineteen books here.
He has been my friend for twenty years.
I’ve got a pain in my neck.
Can you show me your funniest face?
I have two ears.
The woman has black hair.
The little town was nestled in the mountains.
There’s a lifeguard at the beach.
Thailand has many rainforests.
An island is surrounded by water.
I bought this dictionary for you.
The sky is bright blue.
Hanna has a yellow hat.
Red mixed with yellow becomes orange.
I got the wrong color.
My job is boring.
The movie was very exciting.
Water is important to our body.
Do you take credit card?
I lost my car key.
Do you have a driver’s licence?
The raccoon is eating peanuts in the forest.
The grizzly bear is running in the river.
The sun sets behind the blue ocean.
The swan is swimming in the lake.
She signed the document and returned it.
I have a new computer.
Do you have a fax machine?
The printer at the office is broken.
The red mechanical pencil has a green eraser.
I use a ruler to draw lines.
The marker is running low on ink.
Is there a bank near here?
Go to the convenience store, and buy some milk.
She works in a hospital.
My wallet is full of receipts!
This is a big purse.
The horse is running in the field.
The sun is heating the hot desert.
Our boss allows us to leave earlier on Wednesdays.
The office opens at eight o’clock.
I go out to eat with my co-worker every Thursday.
I forgot that the meeting was today.
The police cars are parked outside the police station.
Is there a pharmacy nearby?
She goes to the bakery every Sunday with her kids.
This movie theater is so crowded.
After two years of negotiation, the two countries were finally able
to come to an agreement.
Could you come to our office to sign the contract?
My dad owns a business.
We have a deal.
Depression is a very serious mental illness.
Thanks, but I’m really tired.
My superior is very calm.
What do you know about this company?
What are your salary requirements?
I like listening to the radio.
The family is watching television.
I gather information from the Internet.
I read the newspaper every morning.
I turn on the news channel in the evening.
Can you play a musical instrument?
This painting is very artistic.
Where is the theatre?
I got tickets to a musical.
My grandparents love going to the opera.
Relax, everything will be fine.
A whiteboard is a perfect means to demonstrate something
The teacher writes on the blackboard.
The test is on next Tuesday.
During the year, we will cover the entire textbook.
He is in front of me.
I have a busy job.
He is the president.
Industries need to reduce their wastes.
The girl is wearing a red color belt.
I don’t have coins.
You’re just wasting your money.
I lost my debit card and had to go to the police.
He finally managed to pay all his bills.
Are you studying photography?
The plane will take off in twenty minutes.
The view from the bedroom is beautiful.
The chef cooks in the kitchen.
The bathroom has a tiny window.
You are invited to my sister’s graduation.
He earned this promotion.
Best wishes for your anniversary.
A funeral is a time to grieve and remember.
When is the wedding?
Can you explain that to me once more?
At the back of our house, we have a garden.
The sun rises in the east.
Which necktie matches this shirt?
Never wear a suit and a pair of sport shoes together.
My sneakers are very comfortable.
The building has twenty-one storeys.
Twenty-two is her favorite number.
This book has thirty-three pages.
I’ll have forty-four exams this year.
My TV has fifty-five channels.
She is a good student.
I want to watch a movie.
She was alone in the classroom.
Many schools don’t offer art classes anymore.
I bought a cushion for my school chair.
The chair is attached to the school desk.
I surf the Internet every night before bed.
The north wind is cold.
When must I return it?
I like to bathe in the evening just after work.
You should sleep early.
The birds are flying to the south.
I want to buy a new pair of pajamas.
I need an alarm to help me wake up.
I commute to work by train.
The family is eating breakfast.
She is good at art.
Literature is full of symbols in stories.
How about seeing a movie?
The local music is very interesting.
He knows the answer.
She teaches classes at the university.
Do we need to ask?
Could you close the door?
We celebrate our birth every year.
I have a lot of work.
The man turned on the light.
Stop the car and turn off the engine.
People like to eat out on the weekends.
I attend a meeting.
The sun sets in the west.
It is very important to brush your teeth twice a day.
The man showers in the morning.
The woman is washing her face.
I leave early tomorrow morning.
Could I get the check, please?
I ran for sixty-six minutes.
His door number is seventy-seven.
The company has eighty-eight employees.
His grandfather is ninety-nine years old.
There are one hundred people in my school.
This living room is huge.
The dining room is next to the kitchen.
Don’t run in the hallways.
Do you want to rent an apartment?
This is my house.
Swimming is a good way to exercise.
The store is open from 9 a.m.
You should listen to the doctor.
I’m going to a birthday party this evening.
My grandfather wants to retire in a year.
It’s getting cloudy outside.
We are inside the hotel.
It’s on the left side.
There’s a park on the right side of the building.
They had their first child early.
My office is on the second floor.
My credit card bill is due on the third of every month.
Bathe with soap and water every day.
Can you give me that toothbrush?
We’re out of toothpaste.
The woman is shampooing her hair.
Can you send me the information?
The farmer is in the wheat field.
The secretary is on the phone.
My brother is a banker.
The writer is outlining a story on paper.
I’m trying to get up at 6 every day.
More or less is fine. You don’t have to measure every millimeter.
It’s not so easy to keep creating new ideas.
The kettle is on the stove.
That pot is ten years old.
The green frog is in the water.
Don’t feed the pigeons.
A guidebook will give you helpful information for your trip.
Meet your tour guide at the entrance to the hotel.
Do you have a reservation?
The passport has expired.
Computer science classes are on Mondays.
My favorite subject in school is math.
I feel wonderful tonight.
The artist draws a picture.
We’ll plan the holiday to Europe.
There’s a big sale in the shoe department.
I love shopping for clothes.
For my fourth birthday, my mother gave me a book.
You live on the fifth floor, don’t you?
The sixth book from the left.
Please read the seventh paragraph of the contract.
He bought a new deodorant.
Do you have liquid soap?
The ducklings follow the mother duck.
Crows are among the smartest birds.
A cockroach has six legs, wings, and antennae.
The construction worker is measuring wood.
The hardest worker anywhere is the homemaker.
Ice has formed on the window.
You can learn a lot from History, as things tend to repeat
She did not like to study geography.
I’m going to the store to buy some milk and eggs.
We buy our fruits and vegetables at the local market.
What is the price?
I have a coupon for 50% off, so let’s eat there.
I would like to sit in an aisle seat, in case there is an emergency.
My bag is too heavy.
This photograph doesn’t look good.
Soda contains a lot of sugar.
Ramadan is the ninth month of the Muslim year.
I finally made a goal on my tenth attempt.
I live on the eighth floor.
The boy is washing his face with a washcloth.
This towel is too small for me.
Forks, spoons, and knives are eating utensils.
The fork is made of plastic.
Could you pass me the knife?
This plate is different from that one.
The bee is pollinating the yellow flower.
Ants have six legs.
The rattlesnake is coiled, and ready to strike.
Milk is an important source of calcium for kids and adults.
She wants to become a fashion designer.
Many artists struggle for a long time before achieving success.
The soldiers are moving into position.
Entrepreneurs change the world with their ideas.
I read only short stories.
I put the documents in a folder.
This frying pan is very cheap.
The cook is cutting a hard-boiled egg on the cutting board.
The sink is almost full.
The bowl is empty.
Where is the exit?
Check the map to find your way to your destination.
Do not leave valuables in your suitcase.
The tourist is taking pictures of the animals.
The politician is talking politics.
Biology is the study of living organisms.
The laboratory is a place to learn about chemistry.
I know the basics of physics.
Economics is a good background for many fields.
Please try to put this box on the top shelf.
I will try to remember.
hold on to the handrail
The shopping cart is empty.
The man is carrying a plastic bag full of groceries.
They’re watching a comedy and laughing.
I like suspense novels.
A warm cup of cocoa is comforting on a cold winter night.
Soft drinks don’t contain alcohol, and are usually carbonated and
Fresh fruit juice is a great way to start any day.
The bookshelf is full of books.
I bought a new bed.
The mirror is hanging on the wall.
In my house, I don’t have a dresser.
It’s so dusty; sweep the floor!
I put away the dishes.
I spilled the juice, so I’ll mop the floor.
The waitress is holding a tray with glasses.
Water freezes at thirty-two degrees Fahrenheit.
In this country, the climate is humid.
Is there also a slide on the playground?
The lifeguard is watching the pool.
Shall we play tennis?
Most basketball players are tall.
How many liters of milk did you buy?
Today, I should buy a lot of rice.
I buy my bread at the bakery.
I boil an egg.
Instant noodles are a popular light meal.
The alarm clock is set for 5 a.m.
Can you close the door?
Please pass me the remote control.
Don’t forget to wipe the floor.
The customer is looking at the menu.
Would you like to read some magazines?
I listen to audiobooks during my commute to work.
I’m going to buy a new video game this weekend.
I’m looking for a cheap pair of shoes.
It is too expensive.
She is a kind person with a big smile.
Dark streets are scary.
Massages are very relaxing.
One pound is sixteen ounces.
One mile is roughly 1.6 kilometers.
There are twelve inches in a foot.
He has a cold. It’s only a minor illness.
I think I caught a cold.
He suffered a knee injury.
He was given a lot of medicine.
This pain is unbearable.
She’s in bed with a fever.
Open the window, please.
Whiskey is an alcohol.
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
The city is covered in fog.
A thunderstorm is approaching.
When are we going to the aquarium?
It’s fun to play soccer.
Tomorrow, we’re going to the zoo.
How much is the bus fare?
Let’s meet at the bus stop!
When he was born, he weighed three kilos and two hundred
There are one hundred centimeters in a meter.
He walked ten kilometers.
My headache is getting worse.
This medicine will stop the diarrhea.
What are your symptoms?
Yesterday, I had a bad stomachache.
Did you clean your room?
I’m waiting for the paint to dry.
I am allergic to dust.
I have to vacuum the hallway before the guests come.
There is traffic at the intersection.
Traffic conditions on the highway are normal this morning.
There is ice on the road.
Let’s cross the street.
The title of the book seemed interesting.
Some people are just mean, and don’t want others to be happy.
This statue is seven hundred years old.
The field is eight hundred hectares.
We have over two hundred books here.
This school has three hundred students.
Six times one hundred equals six hundred.
Can you take out the trash, please?
I’ll call the waiter.
Check the weather report before going sailing.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.
I always watch this TV show.
I crave fast food every once in a while.
Let’s go to the park.
For your safety, check the traffic lights.
Stop when you see the stop sign.
I take the subway to the office.
I can’t find the train station.
My house is five hundred meters from here.
We bought nine hundred ninety-nine chairs for the event.
My score was one hundred one.
One lap in the stadium is four hundred meters long.
The antique spoon was nine hundred years old.
I just bought a 40-inch flat screen television.
One kilogram is one thousand grams.
I need a ten-centimeter-thick mattress.
That’s a good restaurant.
Where is the closest café?
Shall we stop by a coffee shop?
My favorite bar was closed.
We’ll load the furniture into the truck.
The green grass smells fresh.
The soil cracked due to the drought.
The baby elephant is playing with dirt in a zoo.
The two crabs are walking on a rock.
He was reading a book under a tree.
Taoism is also known as Daoism.
He reads The Bible.
The Quran is the holy book of the Muslim religion.
He got advice from a priest.
Judaism has been practiced for over three thousand years.
There is only one thousand yen in my wallet.
It costs two thousand dollars.
Eight thousand people live in that village.
They raised ten thousand euro for charity.
The stadium is four thousand square meters.
My brother’s landlord will not accept a check.
I lived in the dormitory for all four years of college.
There are 24 apartments in this apartment building.
He moved from the country to the city.
The goats are playing on the farm.
The tsunami hit the city.
The avalanche destroyed the ski resort, but luckily, nobody was
The fire is burning.
The earthquake is shaking the ground.
The sandstorm has touched down.
I need new gloves for autumn.
I forgot my umbrella in the office.
How much is this hat?
Long-sleeved shirts are good for cold weather.
Short-sleeved shirts are better when it is warm.
A jellyfish sting is very painful.
Speaking in public makes me nervous.
The young scientist was excited.
My face turns red when I am embarrassed.
They have a big house in the country.
My grandfather lives in a small village.
Excuse me, where is the nearest town?
I moved to the suburbs last year.
My room is small.
My burn hurts a lot.
Chess is a game of strategy and concentration.
Think in the language you want to learn.
I blow-dry my hair every morning.
Do you like martial arts?
I’m satisfied with the result.
The ocean is calm.
I comb my dog every day.
I gargle several times a day.
The man is dissatisfied with the product.
Five thousand people were protesting on the square.
In Peru, more than three thousand types of potatoes exist.
There are around six thousand islands in Greece.
She sold seven thousand albums.
Nine thousand troops withdrew from the country.
I was given a white rose.
There are many types of flowers in the park.
She bought some lilies on her way home.
The field is full of sunflowers.
Dandelions are eaten in soups and salads in some places.
Traveling requires a lot of preparation.
The woman is exercising on the floor.
A 30-minute workout every day can improve your health.
I really like reading books.
We often play cards on a warm summer evening.
Big earrings are fashionable.
How much is that diamond necklace?
The jeweler showed me a beautiful ring.
Boxer shorts are an undergarment for men.
She is wearing a yellow skirt.
I have just ordered a hamburger.
A cheese burger is a hamburger with a slice of cheese.
Pizza is an Italian dish, but it is a popular dish around the world.
I prefer hot dogs at a BBQ.
Do not forget to leave a tip for the waiter or waitress.
The flood destroyed the town.
The typhoon has hit.
A hurricane has formed over the ocean.
The tornado is twisting across the prairie.
Drought is a real trouble for farmers.
The Islam faith was founded by the prophet Muhammad.
Protestantism came as a break from the Roman Catholic Church.
Catholicism is the religion of those who accept the leadership of
Hinduism, from India, involves the belief in reincarnation and
Buddhism is based on the teachings of the Buddha, the
The athlete sprained his ankle.
The arm only bends one way at the elbow.
The most common places to take a pulse are the neck and wrist.
The boy fell and scraped his knees.
My skin is very delicate.
He didn’t shave for several weeks.
The chef is making a meal.
Could you find me a non-smoking room?
There is a separate patio for smoking attached to the restaurant.
He cannot bear to see blood.
I broke one of my plates while washing the dishes.
The boy fell and has a deep cut on his leg.
The athlete sprained his ankle.
The most convenient kitchen appliance is the microwave oven.
The refrigerator is full of food for the holiday.
This vacuum cleaner is very quiet.
The athletes were covered in sweat after the game.
I’ll check in at 10 p.m.
Your room number is 514.
Don’t lose your room key!
Hi, I’d like a wake-up call at fifteen minutes to six in the morning.
Please check out before 10 a.m.
Light colors really suit you well.
She wears gold eyeshadow.
The towel was pink.
I think silver looks better on you.
Beige is a pale cream color with a yellowish tint.
I’m simply a huge fan of raspberries.
She has been coughing all night.
Cheese and garlic are always good on pizza.
Your mustache looks good.
I use the washing machine to keep my clothes clean.
The DVD player is a device that can play DVDs.
It’s too hot, can we turn on the fan?
On a hot summer day, the air conditioner works all day to keep us
The kettle is on the stove.
When is she going to elementary school?
My twelve-year-old brother goes to middle school.
High school was the best time of my life.
She is a university student.
My grandfather used to be a principal.
My room is very bright.
I bought a new laptop computer.
A wireless mouse is very convenient.
This factory manufactures speakers.
My webcam is not working.
My computer has an internal microphone.
I have two computers: a laptop computer and a desktop computer.
I don’t like chili peppers.
I like steamed corn.
The room came with a single bed.
The double bed is very spacious.
Where is the hotel?
We checked in and out at the front desk.
The Pacific Ocean is one of the world’s five oceans.
The world’s largest mountain range is actually in the middle of the
To the east of South Africa is the Indian Ocean; and to the west,
Australia is the only island continent on earth.
Penguins live in Antarctica.
Asia is the largest of the Earth’s seven continents.
I will visit Africa during my next trip around the world.
This trip to Europe is expensive.
I’d like to go to North America.
I have never been to South America.
Indigo gets its name from the plant named indigo.
A peach-colored blush will give you a fresh look.
He has really dark hair.
My loud neighbor is very annoying.
The torso is the upper part of the body, which attaches to the arms,
Breast pain can be a symptom of cancer.
My backpack is so heavy.
That store stocks a wide assortment of pencil lead refills.
Apply glue to the paper.
We can’t use a calculator during the test.
I have a pencil sharpener.
The river is wide and deep.
The man is hiking on a narrow path.
A turtle has a hard shell for protection.
Velvet material is very soft.
I love apricot juice.
This pineapple is still unripe.
I’d like a melon, please.
I ordered fig salad.
Prunes are dried plums.
We eat cauliflower dipped in ranch dressing.
Cabbage has a strong smell.
Celery is a great source of vitamin K.
I like to make stuffed eggplant with rice from the oven.
Can I get a bean sprout salad?
Her brother was in a car accident.
I am hopeful that my next summer vacation will be very good.
This pool is too deep for me.
Don’t worry; the water is very shallow here.
His father is a rich man.
The man is poor.
This monitor is broken.
This computer doesn’t have a keyboard.
The girl is listening to music with headphones.
When you have to hiccup, it is hard to talk.
Prunes are dried plums.
How much is that mango?
I like tea with lemon.
She fell backwards landing hard on her buttocks.
He broke his shoulder while playing football.
If you lift weights, you can build your muscles.
I have strong bones.
Santa Claus has a long white beard.
Today, I had sweet potatoes for breakfast.
I love eating mushrooms!
The woman is sneezing.
boarding pass for the flight
Mr. Suzuki teaches English.
Call the IT department.
go on a business trip
What department do you belong to?
boarding pass for the flight
Put the garbage pail out by the curb every Tuesday to be emptied.
Are you engaged? Congratulations!
There was no vacancy at the hotel, so we had to sleep in our car.
Running is a great exercise to strengthen the heart and lungs.
You can borrow books, CDs, and DVDs from the library.
I want to marry you.
I have a sore throat.
box of paper clips
I ordered a new CD.
I have a runny nose.
medicine for a stuffy nose
I graduate from school in May, so I want to find a job.
The family moved to a new home.
I used the wake-up service to call me at 6 o’clock AM.
racing car on an auto racing track
roll of scotch tape
I was born in 1980.
My brother finally got a job!
die of an illness
City of Tokyo, Japan
Beijing, capital of the People’s Republic of China is also called
London is the capital of England and the United Kingdom.
The capital and largest city in France is Paris.
Berlin is the largest city and capital of Germany.
More than ten million people live in the New York area.
The largest city and capital of Italy is Rome.
The largest city in Russia is Moscow, its capital.
Get your ticket at the station before getting on the train.
The roundtrip fare will get me there and back again.
The express train will take you between major cities non-stop.
The local train stops at every small station along its route.
Departure and arrival times are all on the timetable.
Keep your ticket handy for a ticket inspection at each stop.
Show your ticket at the ticket gate on the way to the train.
The man is waiting on the platform.
The ticket machine is broken.
The ticket booth is empty.
We needed to print five hundred copies of the memo.
Should we publish the new book on paper or on the internet?
A pamphlet is a good, cheap way to pass out valuable information.
The know-how of artisans must be transmitted.
The newspaper publisher must be responsible for the content.
I saw the TV report about last night’s earthquake.
It is important to submit your stories by the deadline.
Turn on the television, so we can watch the news.
A TV station must balance entertainment and news to keep its
An editor will take a lot of information and edit it into a watchable
I watch my favorite program every Friday night on TV.
Yesterday, my voice was aired in broadcasting.
If you don’t like one TV show you can just change the channel.
The media industry is rapidly changing because of the Internet.
They are recording that TV show at the TV station.
The woman is printing a document.
Our important meetings are all held in the boardroom.
The chairman is usually the person in charge.
I want to be a interpreter of Japanese and Thai.
I was a French translator before.
A humorous story is a great way to make a point.
The clown jokes a lot.
What was your impression of the boss’s idea?
This new plan goes against my way of thinking.
I have no objection to what you want to do.
She was the most energetic speaker we ever had.
There was a very lively discussion during the meeting.
We can agree to disagree without fighting with each other.
There are rules because it is important to maintain order in a
Entrepreneurs change the world with their ideas.
A vote is the best way to decide important matters.
lt is okay to oppose actions you disagree with.
You can’t agree with everyone about everything.
Make sure you announce the meeting to everyone who needs to
There is no need to hold a meeting every day.
We all agreed to approve what the chairman was asking for.
There is a polite way to criticize someone else’s plans.
The chairman chose to put forward a whole new idea.
I support the current political party.
I can’t believe that story.
Study the research for an answer to the question.
The chairman made the request that we all attend the meeting.
I negotiated the price.
I’m going to meet my friend at 7 p.m.
At times it is necessary to revise a schedule as the meeting goes on.
He’s the director of my company.
The factory manager is giving instructions.
Output of the factory has fallen since the new managers took over.
The workforce is half men and half women.
Silk is a nice material for a blouse.
Without the new part we can’t make anymore widgets.
The copy machine was very expensive.
The equipment needs to be mounted to a solid cement floor.
The country still has a large coal industry.
We use natural gas to heat the factory.
The textile factory creates fabrics from cotton, linen and silk.
Let’s save electricity by turning off the power.
The input to the compter controls the output of the assembly line.
My grandfather takes me fishing every Saturday.
Many resort destinations rely on tourism for most of their income.
The United States exports food products around the world.
We import all of our cotton from Egypt.
The automobile is turning right.
If you want to decrease your debt, stop borrowing money.
All of our delivery vehicles run on gasoline.
Tomorrow will be cold and windy, so wear a scarf.
These sunglasses are new.
Give me a coat hanger.
Use a soft, dry cloth when dusting wooden furniture.
I wore my new coat to school yesterday.
A well-dressed business man wears an overcoat.
The children are wearing raincoats.
The woman is wearing a sweat suit.
The woman is wearing a black sweater.
I feel like I am dressed formally when I wear a vest with my suit.
Jeans are commonly worn by many people.
The clothes on the floor are dirty.
The key is in my pants pocket.
The red buttons will look nice on this shirt.
Adding an elastic band to the pants will help them sell to
The sleeve on the shirt you made is too short.
Shirts with collars are considered more formal.
The blue T-shirt is made from cotton.
When you buy new clothes it is a good idea to try them on first.
Put on your jacket, because it’s cold outside.
If you wear that shirt it will clash with the pants you bought.
The woman is washing clothes in the washing machine.
The person is sewing.
The person is mending the cloth.
I knit a pair of gloves for my boyfriend.
I want to dye my hair red.
fit a garment at the tailor’s
There is one match outside the matchbox.
The father is tall, but the son is short.
Which brand of computer are you looking for?
What size pants do you wear?
Some people develop a style of their own.
Reading trendy magazines will inform you as to what is
A loose fitting garment can make you look larger.
These boots are too tight.
That suit gives you a neat look.
The textile factory creates fabrics from cotton, linen and silk.
When I lose weight I wear a medium shirt.
I would like these pants in large (L).
People that are big wear size XL clothing.
Handmade bags can be very expensive.
The textile factory creates fabrics from cotton, linen and silk.
Wool is derived from sheared sheep fur.
The textile factory creates fabrics from cotton, linen and silk.
She wore an elegant gown to the prom.
You need to buy a new tuxedo. This one is too small for you.
I wear sandals in the summer.
These boots cost two hundred euros.
I can’t understand how you always lose your slippers.
She puts on her makeup every morning on the train.
Lipstick will enhance the shape of your lips and mouth with color.
Outline the shape of your eyelid with a thin line of eyeliner.
A hint of blush will add some color to your cheeks.
Some nail polish removers will ruin furniture if spilled.
Wearing an undershirt will help you avoid sweating through your
My grandma loves sleeping in a nightgown.
I don’t like red boxer shorts (panties).
The woman is wearing a swimsuit.
Silk is a nice material for a blouse.
Most people do not look good in mini-skirts.
There are twenty-four hours in one day.
There are 12 months in a year.
New Years is my favorite holiday each year.
I leave for Paris the day after tomorrow.
If today is Sunday, the day before yesterday was Friday.
I go to lunch each day at noon.
It’s one minute to midnight.
8:45 is the same as quarter to nine.
9:30 is the same as half past nine.
The amethyst stone is light purple.
Vampires fear the sun.
They resemble each other.
The boy respects his grandfather.
Thank you for being a friend.
I love my wife and family.
We all need air and water to live.
The woman is reading a magazine.
The man is standing.
Please enter, welcome to my home.
She’s not only beautiful, but also very smart.
What time is it in New York when it is noon in London?
I’m good, thank you.
You finally got a promotion! Awesome!
When I can walk barefoot in the sand I like it a lot.
Stop adding so much garlic to every dish. I don’t like it.
Thanks for all the help you have given me.
Help! A dog is attacking me!
Don’t worry, we all are here to help you.
No problem; I was happy to do it.
It’s okay to be afraid of the dark.
Really? Do you mean that?
Please don’t leave me here all alone.
Please forgive me for the wrongs I have done.
I’d like to go to China someday.
Is it true you won the tournament?
One plus one equals five is a false answer.
I study every day at school, and for three hours each night.
I like to cook dinner for my friends.
I’ll take a bath at the hotel.
There are more than one billion people in China.
The sun is more than a trillion miles from Earth.
One hundred thousand dollars per year is a good income.
Over one million people live in Dallas, Texas.
You always have one hundred billion excuses not to go out.
I am never going to have ten billion dollars.
The bank lost one hundred million dollars.
There are more than one hundred trillion stars in the universe.
No company is worth ten trillion dollars.
Checkered patterns are popular in shorts.
Clown outfits are often covered in polka dots.
He wears his pin-striped suit every Friday.
Clown outfits are often covered in polka dots.
His solid build made him look strong and sturdy.
The striped cat is playing with red yarn.
Do you have identification (ID)?
Why is he in a bad mood today?
How do you use this?
When the rooster crows, I will wake up.
What time is it where you live?
Who is coming to dinner tomorrow night?
What kind of car are you going to buy this year?
What’s up with that new haircut?
The tires on the car are round.
He lives in a big house.
The forest was too dense to walk through.
Many areas north of the Arctic circle are a vast wasteland.
The town square is actually a square shape.
We took off the paint with coarse sandpaper.
It’s very big, but it’s not heavy.
For long distances it is faster to send letters by airmail.
A cube is a three-dimensional object with six sides.
Scotch tape is perfect for wrapping presents.
The customer is buying groceries with a credit card.
Can you give me a discount?
I am going to pay for my dinner with cash.
He just doesn’t want to spend money.
I bought a new shirt at the clothing store.
You can find anything at a department store.
A boutique usually specializes in a small range of products.
The woman is shopping for shoes at the shoe store.
We bought our wedding rings at the jewelry store.
There are a large variety of stores at the mall.
Show me a sample of what you are trying to sell me.
It is dangerous to text while you drive.
Keep in touch with friends on the web at an Internet café.
I use a wireless connection when I work in a coffee shop.
People can write a blog about anything they want to.
Facebook and Myspace are social networking sites.
The Google search engine is fast and detailed.
I have Internet access at work, home and on the road.
With an adapter I can use my old phone as an IP phone over the
There are public phones in the airport.
I can make free local phone calls within my community on my
Dial nine to get an outside line.
The phone number is wrong.
The operator is talking with a customer.
If you call someone out of town, it is usually a long-distance call.
After dinner we enjoy our evening.
Buses are very crowded in the morning.
I could play with my children all day long.
I just can’t sleep during the daytime.
He called her mother after the class was over.
Computers will be in our lives from now on.
I eat breakfast every morning before I leave for work.
What do you want to do now?
He often goes to town by bicycle on Sunday.
I don’t usually eat breakfast.
Winter is the season of shortest days and coldest temperatures.
Summer is the time of family vacations and warm weather.
Renewal and rebirth are the elements of spring.
It’s already fall, but it’s still warm these days.
This heavy rain could cause flash flooding.
Some plants will die if there is a freeze tonight.
After the rain, you may see a rainbow.
Flashes of lightning can be beautiful but are very dangerous.
There was a clear sky today.
April showers bring May flowers.
A drizzle is a very fine light rain.
With low humidity the air feels dry.
The wind is really strong.
Sleet, freezing rain drops, stings when it hits bare skin.
Bridges will ice over before the rest of the roadway.
Thunder is the sound of lightning expanding the air it passes
In high humidity the air feels muggy.
Wet roads can ice over when the temperature falls below freezing.
Wind chill is how cold it really feels outside.
Water will freeze when the temperature falls below zero degrees
I am hoping for the weather to clear up so we can go on our picnic.
If you are old or have a bad heart, do not go out in the extreme
If it gets too cold, the frost will kill my flowers.
After the cold front comes through, it will become cloudy.
I will look at drawings at a museum.
The museum hosted many marble sculptures.
(The author of the book is unknown.)
The actor is memorizing his lines.
The guest actress gave a terrible performance.
The director tells the actors what to do.
A drama has a serious story line.
The mystery movie had an intriguing plot.
Pop music is popular music genre started in the 1950s.
The singer has a beautiful voice.
The trumpet is a valuable instrument in jazz music.
Classical music makes my anxiety calm down.
My daughter only listens to rap music.
Three bands played in a free concert in the park.
These earphones hurt my ears.
The interested monkey is looking into the camera.
Relax and enjoy the movie.
The boy is hungry.
The man is thirsty.
Ketchup, mustard and salsa are the condiments I most often use.
Most sugar comes from sugar cane or beets and is a natural
When wine goes bad it turns into vinegar.
She would make dinner, if only she had butter.
My friends compete to see who can make the hottest hot sauce.
Ketchup, mustard and salsa are the condiments I most often use.
Ketchup, mustard and salsa are the condiments I most often use.
Tabasco sauce is way too hot for me to eat.
Peppers, broccoli, zucchini, leeks, carrots, eggplants, and lettuce
Clams, salmon, shrimp, lobsters, and squid are all seafood.
We eat cake at my house every Sunday night for dessert.
The woman is serving a turkey dinner for Thanksgiving.
You need to mix the flour with water.
The woman is chopping vegetables.
Mince the meat, and put it in the soup.
The man is baking a cake for his wife.
I prefer to grill steaks and hamburgers instead of frying them.
I like to stir-fry vegetables with chicken breast.
The cook is frying an egg.
My family likes to roast a duck for dinner.
The hair dresser is cutting the hair with scissors.
When I make pork, I like to saute it in a pan.
Steaming the vegetables is a healthy way to prepare them.
Reheat the leftovers for dinner tonight.
You can microwave an entire dinner in a short time.
The cook barbecues the chicken.
Whiskey is an alcohol made from grains, including corn and malted
She spilled boiling water on her left hand and has a second degree
Fresh fruit juice is a great way to start any day.
Black tea can be bitter without sugar and cream.
I always brew herb tea from leaves instead of tea bags.
I love caffe latte with whipped cream and cinnamon.
The chopsticks are on the bowl.
Forks, spoons, and knives are eating utensils.
My mother cuts my dinner with a steak knife.
I always use a carving knife when I serve turkey.
These appetizers are too salty.
The taste and odor of garlic are its cooking trademarks.
The candy is very sweet.
The smaller leaves of turnip greens are the least bitter.
My face sweats when I eat very spicy foods.
The sour taste of the lemon will cleanse your palate between
The fireflies are flying over the wheat field.
Cooked rice needs to sit covered for 5 to 30 minutes after taking it
Barley is used for everything from health food to beer and whiskey.
You drink red wine with meat, and white wine with fish.
I like sweets, chocolate in particular.
We are having a piñata filled with candy at my daughter’s birthday
My mother always ate a half grapefruit at breakfast.
The spice ginger is used for cooking and medicine.
In Tuscany, olive oil is very good.
The right amount of spice can make food taste wonderful.
Tabasco sauce is way too hot for me to eat.
Using vegetable oil instead of lard makes food taste lighter.
Sesame oil is perfect for stir-frying of meats and vegetables.
Using fresh ingredients is an important part of any recipe.
You need to mix the flour with water.
Cooking oil is needed to prepare the food.
A big lunch will make you sleepy in the afternoon.
My family eats dinner together every night.
Shall we order an appetizer?
The main course is beef and vegetables.
When I travel, what I miss most is my wife’s homecooking.
Don’t eat too many snacks.
Midnight snacks need to be light, so they don’t keep you awake.
The man is full from the meal.
We eat cake at my house every Sunday night for dessert.
At the restaurant we had a five course meal.
At a buffet you can pick only what you want to eat.
I always stuff myself at the all-you-can-eat restaurant.
The squirrel is eating a nut.
Many children and adults are allergic to peanuts.
I love to eat honey roasted and salted cashew nuts.
The maitre’ d controls who gets in and who sits where.
I asked for a pitcher of water instead of individual drinks.
The woman is ordering food.
Steak and potato dishes are a great example of western food.
Pastas, sauces and flavorful cheeses are at the heart of real Italian
He wants Chinese food, but she wants Italian.
The best part of traveling is the access to a wide range of ethnic
Shrimp can be found in both fresh and salt water.
Salmon are born in fresh water, move to salt water, then return to
Tuna is found in warm ocean waters all around the world.
A ladle is needed to serve fruit punch from the bowl.
You can test to see if a cake is done baking using a toothpick.
I put away the dishes.
Would you like a cup of tea?
The drinking glass is full of water.
Drinks stay hot longer in a good coffee mug.
In the summer a pitcher of iced tea is always on my table.
A teapot is a great place to boil water.
The wine glass is full of red wine.
The coffee pot is full of coffee.
The smaller leaves of turnip greens are the least bitter.
The backbone is made up of several smaller bones.
The boy is pulling a red wagon with a pumpkin inside.
Squat down instead of bending over when picking up heavy items.
Nodding your head is a common body gesture.
raise one’s hand to answer a question
Use your legs not your back to lift up heavy items.
The bat is hanging from the branch.
The man is digging a hole with a shovel.
The man is pushing the car.
The woman is climbing the face of the cliff.
My mom shook her head when she heard my answer.
The tornado is twisting across the prairie.
The American football player is about to catch the ball.
He is six-feet and has a big build.
Fruit is healthy and full of vitamins and minerals.
The man is skinny.
Being short is a hereditary trait.
The boy is taller than the girl.
Eating lean food can help a person stay slim.
He has a very round body type.
You have to watch your figure.
He’s tall and thick.
People that do not eat very much stay thin.
When I see food I like, saliva builds in my mouth.
The baby is crying.
When you cry tears fall from your eyes.
The man has a pimple on his nose.
I wash my face everyday so I don’t break out.
His has a food on his chin.
The newest thermometer can take a temperature in the ear or on
The woman has blonde hair.
The woman has black hair.
She has brown hair and dimples.
The woman has long, red hair.
When your tooth hurts, it is important to go to the dentist.
The old woman has a lot of wrinkles.
Women often pluck their eyebrow hairs.
I have a twitch in my eyelids.
There is an eyelash hair in my eye.
Facial hair begins growing in a person’s teen years.
Frogs use their tongues to catch food.
The taste buds are located on the tongue.
The socks went up past his knee to his thigh.
His calf muscle hurt below the knee.
The broken toenail turned blue and fell off.
He rocked backwards onto the heel of his foot.
The woman is measuring her waist.
The kneecap protects the joint and tendons of the knee.
He pulled his groin muscle during the match.
The Achilles’ heel refers to the tendon going from the heel to the
I have a heart tattooed on my forearm just above the wrist.
Without the thumb we couldn’t grasp anything.
The pinkie is the smallest finger on the human hand.
The middle finger is generally the longest finger on the human
The index finger is often called the pointer.
The ring finger sits between the pinky and the middle finger.
Our ribs are bones that protect the organs of the upper body.
The abdomen is the part of the body between the ribs and the
My belly has gotten a lot bigger than I would like.
Most people are born with two kidneys in their body.
The shoulder blade is the bump on each side of your back.
Use scissors to cut out the pictures.
I can’t find my box of disposable gloves.
These tweezers aren’t too good.
I need a bandaid for my foot.
We need to buy adhesive tape.
His body temperature was far above the normal 98.6 degrees
The nurse used a digital thermometer to take the patient’s
The surgery team is performing an operation.
The most common places to take a pulse are the neck and wrist.
The ambulance took her to the emergency room after the accident.
The nurse gives an injection to the patient.
The nurse takes the patient’s medical history upon entering the
It takes good insurance to pay for modern medical procedures.
The doctor and nurse are taking an X-ray of the patient’s chest.
The blood test found his blood alcohol level was very high.
The nurse started an intravenous line (IV) to give the patient fluids.
The doctor’s office is near the library.
The nurse used a digital thermometer to take the patient’s
When the patient saw the size of the needle, he fainted.
I’ll take a bath at the hotel.
If you get sick go to the doctor.
The doctor prescribed her a cough syrup.
I took a pill of aspirin.
The infection improved when she started taking an antibiotic.
I recently got an injection of the H1N1 vaccine.
Did you take some cold medicine?
I rest my legs on the footrest sitting in front of my chair.
I keep a picture of my wife on my nightstand.
Please keep your feet off the coffee table.
This sofa is very comfortable.
It is easier to study when you are sitting in a comfortable chair.
We only use our dinner table for formal meals.
We do homework and play games at the kitchen table.
My study is a quiet room where I can relax and read.
The young man is playing ping pong in the basement.
Don’t be absent again!
It is more fun to accompany someone than to travel alone.
The active child was hard to keep under control.
I sent your check to the wrong address.
The nurse put too much adhesive bandage on my leg.
An adjective qualifies a noun when speaking or writing English.
I am afraid to go out alone at night in the city.
This is an important item on the agenda.
For long distances it is faster to send letters by airmail.
I prefer an aisle seat.
Alligators eat anything that enters the marsh.
Do you know the Greek alphabet?
You can make anything happen using animation.
Anteaters feed on ants.
The doctor knows you are going to be anxious waiting for the test
The worlds largest archipelago in size is Indonesia.
My father organized an expedition to the Arctic Ocean.
She is from Argentina, and he is from Chile.
Make sure you arrange for lodging in advance.
Drive safe, and let me know when you arrive home.
Do you have an ashtray?
I assign work to my employees every morning.
The athlete sprained his ankle.
Everyone was required to attend a lecture about the school rules.
Put the attic in order.
The kids keep dragging in mud through the back door.
There is a large flower garden in the backyard.
My family plays badminton in our back yard every summer.
The laundry fell off the balcony.
Use a ballpoint pen with black ink to sign these papers.
Bangkok is the largest city and capital of Thailand.
The bat is hanging from the branch.
Every month I change the battery in my smoke alarm.
Call the school if you are going to be late.
Polar bears can weigh up to seven hundred kilograms.
The beaver is on the snowy river bank.
Almost half the insect species on earth are some type of beetle.
The blanket the flight attendant gave me was very comfortable.
It takes light, water and fertilizer to make the roses bloom.
We need to hurry in order to board on time.
The boarding gate is where you board the plane.
The bottle opener is used mostly for cans these days.
The bats are hanging from a branch eating watermelon.
Brazil is the largest country in South America.
Before the bridge, we crossed the river by boat.
The British Pound is not as common as the Euro.
Brush your teeth after each meal and at bedtime.
Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
The buffalo is going towards town.
There are many bugs in the rotten log.
The flower store is in an old building.
The bullet train travels at extremely high speeds.
There is a flowering bush in my front yard.
The nervous businessman is waiting for the interview.
The cabin of the airplane holds one hundred people.
The passengers are riding the cable car.
It is frustrating to call a wrong number.
I prefer to open coffee cans with a manual can opener over an
Canada is the second largest country in area on earth.
If there is bad weather, the airline will cancel the flight.
Keep candles handy just in case the electricity goes out.
A person is vacuuming the carpet.
Donald Duck is my favorite cartoon character.
The green caterpillar is crawling on the twig.
There are many cedar trees in this park.
Water is leaking from the ceiling.
The president spoke at our graduation ceremony.
Certified mail gives you a record of the letter being sent and
You can use many colors of chalk on the blackboard.
The best boxer is the champion of the world.
The final match is the championship contest.
The Chinese character for the word dao means road or way.
The people are cheering.
The cheetah is the fastest land animal on earth.
The chimpanzees are walking down a path in the grasslands.
China is the largest country on Earth by population.
Many Christians feel it is important to attend church every Sunday.
Cicada is perched on the tree.
I’m taking a class in German and one in mathematics.
Sarah was my classmate at the university.
The store clerk is giving the customer change and the bag of
She has a very clever sense of humor.
I keep my yoga mat in the closet when not in use.
Give me a coat hanger.
Do you collect stamps?
I studied engineering while I was going to college.
A company worker is the heart of the company’s operation.
The Olympics are an exciting international competition.
The conductor will help you find your seat.
Call the airline to confirm your reservation.
The customs officer confiscated the conterfeit goods.
The consignee is the person the parcel is being delivered to.
The agents found contraband in the trunk of the car.
I need to convert my Yen to US dollars.
I saw the thief run around the corner.
The crane is walking in the field.
You could hear the cricket chirping whenever you turned off the
The crocodile is a dangerous animal.
Crowded streets make it more difficult to drive.
It took a cunning move to beat her at chess.
What currency is used in your country?
The currency exchange at the airport will give you U.S. dollars.
Open the curtain to let in some light.
The customs officer confiscated the conterfeit goods.
We go to the club every Saturday night so we can dance.
Our daughter is a university professor, and our son is a
Fill out the declaration forms before getting in line.
Declare any alcohol or tobacco goods you’re bringing into the
That deer ran away into the forest.
Water will freeze when the temperature falls below zero degrees
The flight is delayed because of the snow storm.
Your mother makes the most delicious pies I have ever eaten.
He took shorthand dictation of everything the teacher said in class.
When you get hungry ask the conductor where the dining car is
Write down the directions, so you don’t forget.
Tomorrow I’ll fix the dishwasher.
The young girl dislikes broccoli.
The man is shooting a documentary.
The new couch will not fit through the doorway.
The kids come downstairs to tell us good night.
A drama has a serious story line.
As the driver you must pay attention to everything around you.
Dubai is the largest city of the United Arab Emirates.
There’s a dumpster next to the house.
We’ll buy duty-free alcohol and perfume at the duty free shops in
The eagle is flying in the sky.
I blog about politics and the economy.
Egypt is in Africa, yet considered part of the Middle East Region.
The elderly man and woman are eating breakfast.
Hold the electric plug while removing it from the socket.
An electric rice cooker will simplify the process of making rice.
The hotel uses an electronic key that looks like a credit card to
The baby elephant is playing with dirt in a zoo.
The elevator is not in service.
The emergency exits are located at the front and rear of the plane.
The emu is a large, flightless bird.
London is the capital of England and the United Kingdom.
Do you enjoy a hobby?
Use your entry card to get in the building.
The escalator goes to the second floor.
What is the exchange rate for Euros?
What is the exchange rate for Euros?
To get the check faster, I will request it be sent by express mail.
Eyeglasses are not as common as they used to be because of
The efficiency of the plant relies on the ability of the factory
He farted during the presentation.
The ferry allows me to take my car with me to the island.
Cannes hosts the world’s most famous film festival every year.
Fill out the form with a pen, not with a pencil.
There is a lot of stress to pass all your finals.
The man has just finished working overtime.
The apartment building has to have a fire escape.
The firefighter is carrying a fire extinguisher.
The firefly is on the green leaf.
First class seats on an airplane are the most expensive.
I live on the first floor of my apartment building.
Your seat cushion will act as a flotation device in the case of a
There is a large flower garden in the backyard.
You can find a fly almost everywhere in the world, including
The football players are playing on the field.
You need to go to the foreign exchange to change your money.
The red fox is standing in the snow.
If going to France, you must visit Paris, the nation’s capital and
All our freight going to Australia went in one cargo container.
The young fur seal is confronting the king penguin.
The game starts at 8 o’clock.
Did you visit an English garden while on vacation?
When you are tall it can be hard to get in a car.
The zoo visitors are watching the giraffe.
I will gladly give up my seat for a pregnant woman or a senior rider.
The gnat is a tiny, blood sucking, flying pest.
A cold glass of beer goes great with pizza.
The goats are playing on the farm.
The gorilla is resting in the grass.
My grandfather used to be a principal.
My grandmother makes the best apple pie in the world.
The savannahs of Africa are an example of grasslands.
Even after her accident, she kept a great attitude toward life.
We watched a lot of basketball games in the school gym.
The girl is doing gymnastics.
I can get ready for work faster using my hair dryer.
In my toolbox I only have one hammer and a few screwdrivers.
The specially marked buses have handicap seating.
There are two planes in the hanger.
On top of the hill sits a marble statue.
Please hold on to the handrail while the vehicle is in motion.
Please enter, welcome to my home.
Your homework is one important part of the learning experience.
He was so honest that he just couldn’t tell a lie.
The woman is horseback riding.
Hotmail is short for Windows Live Hotmail.
The hardest worker anywhere is the housewife.
How have you been recently?
You must be 21 to enter here. How old are you?
My beloved husband is cooking for me.
I don’t understand the language well enough to follow you.
I’d like to take the train to New York City.
Ice skating can be graceful and beautiful.
The customs agents seized the illegal cargo and arrested several
The green inchworm is crawling on the wooden fence.
Your answer to question one is incorrect.
The Himalayas, the worlds largest mountains, are in the country of
When you enter the country your bags will be inspected.
The woman is interested in the story.
It’s difficult to understand her when she speaks.
The heart of the ancient Roman empire was modern-day Italy.
Your itinerary will tell you where to be at what time.
The jaguar is hunting for food.
Japan has four main islands and many smaller ones.
Japanese Yen is not accepted in the United States.
The dolphin jumps out of the water.
The player is kicking the soccer ball.
We do homework and play games at the kitchen table.
Please remember to knock on the door before you enter.
The koala bear is holding on to the tree.
The ladybugs are climbing down the branch.
Turn on the lamp when it starts to get dark in the room.
The plane will land at the airport at ten o’clock.
The laptop computer allows me to work almost anywhere.
The client is late for the meeting.
Wooden pencils must be sharpened when the lead breaks.
Everyone was required to attend a lecture about the school rules.
Make a left turn into the driveway.
Ask questions to help you understand the entire lesson.
The person is mailing a letter.
You need a license or passport when you sign in at the hotel.
Wear your life jacket at all times.
Change the lightbulb when it burns out and goes dark.
Use your lighter to start the candle burning.
I like to cook dinner for my friends.
Linguistics is the study of natural language.
The lion pauses and then continues walking.
The lioness is drinking water.
There was a very lively discussion during the meeting.
I just saw a huge lizard!
You can feel lonely even if you are not alone.
Long time no see. Have you been well?
Your furniture will be delivered on a lorry in the morning.
Los Angeles is the largest Pacific coast city in the United States.
He lost the game.
Being the loser is never any fun.
The lounge had a small band with a female singer.
There is a luggage check at trackside for some trains.
Your suitcases will be at the luggage pickup.
To get the check faster, I will request it be sent by express mail.
The mailbox is full of mail.
The mailman is delivering the mail.
She swam all the way from the island to the mainland.
Sometimes it is very hard to make a sentence from a vocabulary
Come on in to my house and make yourself at home.
A few years ago my grandparents planted a maple tree.
I want to participate in a marathon.
Alligators eat anything that enters the marsh.
I keep my yoga mat in the closet when not in use.
I brought my motorbike to the mechanic.
Could you tell me where the nearest metro station is?
The heart of the Aztec empire was in modern-day Mexico.
Mexico City is the capital and most heavily populated city
Mixed martial arts is a full contact sport with very few safety rules.
The monkeys are eating ants with a stick.
The monorail has proven to be a safe and reliable transportation
I always go to the station by moped.
The courtyard of Muhammad’s home was the first mosque.
Some passengers feel ill from motion sickness.
I can take the car, or we can go by motorbike.
The worlds largest mountain range is actually in the middle of the
My friends always called my father Mr. Martin.
Are you Mrs. Smith’s friend?
Hi, my name is Frank, what is yours?
A good mystery keeps you wondering right to the end.
Our neighbor always complains about the noise on the staircase.
I have never been to the South Pole.
The newborn baby is three weeks old.
black newt with an orange belly
There was no vacancy at the hotel, so we had to sleep in our car.
A noun is a person, place, or thing even in English.
An acorn is the seed pod from an oak tree.
The office worker is an important cog in any large company.
I have two older brothers, and both are police officers.
She is my older sister, and she is a lawyer.
The Olympics are an exciting international competition.
Answer that question once again, please.
Don’t turn the car around because the traffic on this street only
He had an outstanding outlook on life.
The man is cleaning the oven.
Do not be pushed around by an overbearing mother-in-law.
You can put your luggage in the overhead storage compartment.
To get across the busy highway by foot take the overhead
If you work more than fourty hours a week, you’ll be paid overtime.
The owl is flying in the air.
We want to tour the czar’s palace before we leave the country.
I received a parcel from my family back home.
His business partner was also his best friend.
The teenager passed her driving test.
Eating beans can make you pass gas.
The passengers are transferring trains.
Do I have to pay money now?
It is important to pay taxes.
The peacock’s feathers are beautiful.
The guest actress gave a terrible performance.
A pronoun replaces nouns or noun phrases in a sentence.
pick up the receiver
I am hoping for the weather to clear up so we can go on our picnic.
They will bring you a pillow if you ask for one.
The pilots are flying the plane.
This forest is full of pine trees.
I purchased my plane ticket online.
The platypus is swimming in water.
I think it is important to learn to play a musical instrument while
Wednesday nights we play poker at my house.
The player has the ball.
Wednesday nights we play poker at my house.
There is a polite way to criticize someone else’s plans.
Some frogs live their whole life by the pond they were born in.
Portugal is famous for its production of port wine.
I had to post a letter to my father.
Now that your baby is crawling, make sure she doesn’t stick her
little finger in the outlet.
Cooking oil is needed to prepare the food.
This problem is easy.
The working life of a professional athlete lasts a very short time.
Our daughter is a university professor, and our son is a
We had a projector in the classroom to watch movies.
I’m happy and proud that I passed the exam.
The quail is about to fly away.
The government quarantined the town after the outbreak of the
Answer that question once again, please.
You can never be prepared for a pop quiz.
The raccoon is in the tree.
The re-entry permit is good for the life of the valid visa.
It helps me to read aloud while studying English.
Push the talk button on the receiver to answer the phone.
I have been the recipient of many post cards.
I get out the old record player once in a while to play my
It’s a red light!
The relaxed man is swinging in the hammock.
People take their religion and faith very seriously.
There was a remarkable gleam in her eye when she talked
I will say a word, and you will repeat it in English.
If you reserve your flight early, you will save money.
The black rhinoceros is walking in the grassland.
I chose to ride the bus instead of drive my car.
When you get to the corner, make a right turn.
The man is preforming rock music.
My wife always rocked the baby to sleep in the rocking chair.
A romantic comedy is called a “chick flick”.
When the rooster crows, I will wake up.
Root beer is my favorite kind of soda.
There is a statue in the middle of the roundabout intersection.
The router is not working.
This rug is three meters by five meters.
The woman is running on the beach.
Russia is the world’s largest country.
Ask the salesperson if these shoes come in my size.
The copper pipe was cut using a hack saw.
The scared woman is protecting her baby.
Spring break is my favorite school holiday.
The school year lasts for nine months of the year.
Use a screw to hang the shelf instead of a nail.
I keep wrenches and screwdrivers in my toolbox.
The man is reading the script.
The seagull is perched on the wooden fence.
Weekends are usually crowded at popular seaside resorts.
The man is buckling the seatbelt.
You must be sure your seat number matches your ticket.
There are many seeds that are edible.
The semi-final match will determine what team plays for the
There are a lot of privileges to being a senior citizen.
Sometimes it is very hard to make a sentence from a
Seoul is the capital city of South Korea.
Work on night shift, it’s a nightmare.
Be careful what you say and how you say it to a short-tempered
If you feel ill, please ask for a sick bag.
Walking on the sidewalk is safe.
We’ll rest today, but sightsee tomorrow.
It takes a few drinks before I can get up and sing a song in public.
Singapore is an island city-state located off the coast of
The blue sky turned gray as the dark clouds approached.
The boy is speaking to his grandfather on Skype.
The Sears Tower is the tallest skyscraper in the United States.
I’m having trouble following what you are saying, go slower,
I would prefer small bills to large.
Father wants a son, but mother wants a daughter.
I know you have been here for a long time and I am sorry to keep
Seoul is the capital city of South Korea.
Would you ever go to the Southern Ocean?
Spain is cut off from the rest of Europe by the Pyrenees mountains.
You must not go any faster than the posted speed limit.
A spider has eight legs.
bones of the spine
Run the sponge across the table.
What kind of sports do you like?
The stadium is full of the people for this game.
They are preforming a stage play.
I need envelopes and stamps for these three letters.
Elton John is a world famous singing star.
You can buy presents in a stationery store.
On top of the hill sits a marble statue.
The stingrays are swimming over the coral reef.
Stop when you see the stop sign.
A strait is a natural passage between two oceans.
The teacher is strict.
She reports to me, so she is my subordinate.
I need to pass all my classes, so I don’t have to go to summer
It is necessary to find a job during my summer vacation.
The superintendent of the building has not fixed the leaky pipe.
My job is to supervise other workers.
Your world opens up when learn to surf the net.
A good suspense story will keep you on the edge of your seat.
The swan is swimming in the lake.
The lake is a great place to go swimming.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
Put a tack in the corner of the paper to hold it in place while you
Can I take a picture?
The students are taking a test in the classroom.
We used the tape measure to get the dimensions of the garage.
In the duty free area of the the airport, you can buy tax-free goods.
When I was in high school, I played soccer for the school team.
Many people go to temple for prayer.
The plane will pull into the terminal so we can exit.
Thank you very much for the invitation.
This is my sister Julia.
This is for you.
The ticket window is inside the station.
The tiger is lying on the rocks.
If you travel from New York to Chicago, there is a one hour time
Excuse me, do you have a tissue?
Our lake house does not have an indoor toilet.
Make sure you keep extra toilet paper in the bathroom.
I keep wrenches and screwdrivers in my toolbox.
Toronto is the capital of Ontario in Canada.
I toured the temples in Kyoto.
A tour bus is a great way to take a group trip.
My destination is a famous tourist attraction.
The water tower is the tallest structure in town.
track and field event
Too many cars in the street will cause a traffic jam.
Double check the train number before getting on the train.
The train track can be a dangerous place so be careful.
The passengers are transferring trains.
I can translate the document by next Friday.
We work in a travel agency.
Use traveler’s checks to be protect your identity.
Trucks carry goods all over the country.
The cost of tuition is so high it makes college prohibitive for many
I always use a carving knife when I serve turkey.
Go straight, and then turn left at the second intersection.
At the end of the street, you will need to turn a corner.
Underline all verbs in this text.
The United States dollar is the legal currency in the United States.
The United States consists of 50 states plus the District of Columbia.
The woman is unsatisfied.
The man is upset, as he has a lot of work remaining.
The urchin is covered in spines.
The dog is urinating.
We all go home for Christmas vacation.
The person is inserting a tape into the VCR.
All of our delivery vehicles run on gasoline.
How do I conjugate a verb when speaking English?
The re-entry permit is good for the life of the valid visa.
We’re going to visit relatives this weekend.
Animated films are a good source of work for a voice actor.
The vulture is perched on the branch.
The waiting room at the airport has black chairs.
There are a lot of pictures hanging on our walls.
The wall clock is hanging on the wall.
Washington is a district in the United States and the nation’s capital.
Many areas north of the Arctic circle are a vast wasteland.
The waterfall is beautiful.
The gardener is holding a weed.
Please enter, welcome to my home.
I don’t understand this picture. What is it?
I’ll write you. What’s your e-mail address?
My name is Peter. What’s your name?
I would like to call you. What’s your phone number?
You sound British. Where are you from?
You need a ride home, where do you live?
Who is that woman I saw you kissing last night?
My wife and I will go to Dubai next week.
The wild boar is walking in the snow.
When I was little we had a beautiful willow tree in the backyard.
The flowers have wilted.
We are going to win this match.
In the window seat you can lean against the side of the plane to
The winner of the game is red team.
The gray wolf is foraging for food in the meadow.
The wombat is in the field.
Sometimes it is very hard to make a sentence from a vocabulary
The Americans will have a hard time qualifying for the World Cup.
The worms are squirming in the dirt.
It is normal to worry when the doctor wants to take tests.
Do you need to write a letter?
The exam consists of a written composition.
I look up directions on Yahoo! before going anywhere new.
There is a flowering bush in my front yard.
Thank you. - You’re welcome.
My younger brother lives far away, but he comes home for
My younger sister went to England to study abroad.
Youth makes it possible to do many things.
The zebras are rubbing their necks.
Canada is the second largest country in area on earth.
I’m from the Bahamas.
I like flag football.
I like touch football.
I like Starbucks Coffee.
I like root beer.
I like Poland Spring.
I like Mountain Dew.
I like Diet Coke.
I like cream soda.
I like iced tea.
I like Samuel Adams.
I like Miller beer.
I like Long Island Iced Tea.
I like Jell-O shots.
I want to read Uncle Tom’s Cabin.
I want to read The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
I want to read The Scarlet Letter.
I want to read The Raven.
I want to read The Great Gatsby.
I want to read The Grapes of Wrath.
I want to read The Catcher in the Rye.
I want to read Moby-Dick.
I want to read Old Man and the Sea.
I want to read The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
I want to watch The Wizard of Oz.
I want to watch The French Connection.
I want to watch The Shawshank Redemption.
I want to watch Singin’ in the Rain.
I want to watch Rear Window.
I want to watch Psycho.
I want to watch North By Northwest.
I want to watch The Matrix.
I want to watch Jaws.
I want to watch Gone with the Wind.
I want to watch E.T. - The Extra Terrestrial.
I want to watch Ben-Hur.
I want to watch Star Wars.
I want to live in a Victorian house.
I own a trailer.
I want to live in a split-level house.
I want to live in a ranch-style house.
I want to live in a mansion.
I want to live in a duplex.
I want to live in a colonial house.
I want to live in a brownstone.
I want to live in the suburbs.
I want to live in a row house.
I want to live in a studio apartment.
I want to live in a townhouse.
I want to live in a condominium.
I want to live in a co-op.